Initial Documentation (#28)
eclipse-dataspaceconnector/DataSpaceConnector: docs/README.md

**Please note**

> ### Note: work in progress

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Work in progress
```

> ### This document reflects work in progress
> All content reflects the current state of discussion, not final discussions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### This document is work in progress
All content reflects the current state of discussion, not final decisions.
```
